If you want to earn the trust of your sailors, then of course you have
to know what you're talking about. But no one's gonna expect you to
be perfect. You just have to know how to find the material. So, for
instance, someone says, Hey, I wanna have a really quality evaluation.
Can you help me? What's good is being able to explain all of it.
What's better? What's you know? Just as good is being able to fill
out the first page and not knowing what Block 28 29 are saying, Hold
on, coming back in an hour and saying, Oh, Block 20 is this Block 29.
Is this What's bad is saying, Oh, this is how you felt the first
page and I don't know, But this is how you fill out block 28 29. Once
they figure out that you don't know what you're talking about or they
find out the correct answer and you were insistent that your answer
was correct and you didn't give them any any any buffer for that,
then they're gonna lose respect for you. So just make sure that you
you always present yourself in an honest manner, and that's the best
way